I spent weeks building a cyberpunk PvP
arena just so I could watch my friends
fight each other inside of it. But it's
not enough for me to simply take
pleasure in watching my friends beat
each other up. First, I wanted to watch
them battle their own demons.
>> That's a really big drop.
>> So, I put my full Minecraft building
skills to work, creating a twisted maze
of buildings and secret pathways just so
they'd struggle to even find each other.
This elevator shaft here has a ladder
clutch at the bottom. And this other
part of the elevator shaft has hidden
slime blocks. You can't trust a single
painting you see on this map. And there
are hidden doors pretty much everywhere
you look. And I haven't even gotten into
all the parkour challenges yet. If
you're brave enough to jump all the way
up to the top of this crane, you can
even find a mace. Oh, but did I mention
we've only looked at half the level?
That's right. I built an entire
underside of the map, complete with an
abandoned subway station, secret
squatter camps, and giant storage vats
with hidden loot inside. It's safe to
say my friends thought I was pretty
unhinged.
>> I don't want to be here anymore. How do
I get down? Mog Mog, how do I get down
from here?
>> Look at this train. This is nuts. Now,
you might think that everyone loses when
participating in my madness, but believe
it or not, there actually was a winner.